Hello my name is Alexey and in this
I'll show you the video as exporters sounds
from the game mortal kombat but first you
need to download the archive
link under the video here is this cooking archivist
unpack and all the content wherever you want
never mind after being unpacked
copy here the file from the game itself where and
sounds are stored
SND prefix I have copied and then
it is necessary to not comp comp draw
or whatever is also called shorter
open with a wild press folder
package file is already rivers pressed
cut out tired but replaced later
bed console bocce descent either so either
want to
places I do not know how you still open
will be okay next now me
it is necessary to register the path the path and now
open the FSB and this file here
we transfer enter we will draw a manda it not
team top FSB even and name
file
it extracts 2 files in psd format
the next
Now the file is also transferred here.
in the moment we write something with you and the name
This file or the one is not important in that
tom stored sounds bang inter water here
they and our sounds can even be saved
listen for example
one
a life
as you can see the sounds work fine
everyone unpacked to give this file
We finish this one too will heal
what we see there is something interesting
although now you will not find them
wow what sounds fatality
brutality is not present in the game itself
well its sounds present funny yes so
on this my video ends with everything
thanks for watching and bye